Our team met brother Boniface Kwamla in the Volta region of Ghana.
From infancy, he was surrounded by superstitious beliefs and practices.
What did he find that transformed his life
and caused him to take a courageous stand?
At the tender age, I have a troubled mind
as to how I would be pleasing to God
and also at the same time be pleasing in the eyes of the voodoo.
Two of my siblings died before I was born.
So my mother was seeking protection
or through her pregnancy.
With me, my mother was made to believe that
when she goes to the production regularly,
she will be protected from the witches.
This means she has to walk about four miles
to the shrine regularly bare-footed.
After my bed, I was sent to the voodoo
trying to be protected from the attack of the witches.
I was kept there.
I got baptized into the Catholic church.
There we were taught that those who worship idols,
the voodoo who would be bent in an everlasting hellfire.
I was terrified.
I knew that God's name is Jehovah.
I had a name Jehovah's Witnesses
and it appealed to me so it kept on ringing in my ears.
Jehovah's Witnesses.
One day, relatives we were discussing religion
and they called us.
But I said,
if I join any church at all,
it would be Jehovah's Witnesses.
One day, I asked my father,
would the priest be angry if he knows that
after going for the communion,
still going to the shrine?
My father came back
with the news bags.
The priest said,
I can still go ahead
being an idol worshiper
and at the same time being a Catholic.
I became disturbed.
I became confused.
I came across Jehovah's Witnesses.
When I was of age and left the village,
I bombarded them with questions.
I became very furious.
When they told me,
Easter, Christmas, New Year celebration,
even the cross we used
were of pagan origin.
So I demanded a book.
I read that book
before they break.
So that night, in my heart,
I broke away from the voodoo worship
and also from the Catholic religion.
I was afraid to confront my father
over the issue.
In our culture,
it's not easy for a young man
to take such a crucial decision.
Before I could be aware,
there was the news in the village
that now don't go as
during the new religion.
So anytime I go home,
relatives will knock on my door.
I don't want to advise me
on seeing my decision.
My worry was how to
inform my father.
And one day,
my father invited me
and then inquired of me
of what was really happening.
And it became a very strong confrontation.
I told him,
I worship Jehovah.
Jehovah is the only God
so he fled up,
left me,
and then went into this room.
So I also entered my room
and started singing.
Once with confusion,
our side has waived
drinking the Catholic religion distilled.
I was singing so vigorously.
I see somebody who has been
liberated because
initially I was in prison.
But now I am a freed man.
So since then,
I've been serving Jehovah.
The fear of man has been overcome.
I am no longer a captive
of the fear of death,
or even the dead.
I no longer engage myself
in any practices
that contrary to Bible standards.
I feel liberated.
It makes me happy
when I see my children
also serving the only true God
Jehovah.
And now I live a very happy family life.
Brother Kwamla
had a desire to know God.
But as we saw,
something was missing.
Without help,
how could he incline his heart
to discernment?
Only when he received the truth book
as a young man that he
had spiritual food
to study God's Word?
At last,
he was able to understand God's
saying instead of false religions.
He was baptized in 1976.